Hi friends, this is arun..after seeing my previous post lot of people called me and asked me how to crack interview as experienced java developer.

few tips note down it,

tell about yourself with start your name and end with your roles and responsibility in previous project which you have worked in previous company.

ex- my self a arun kumar basically i am from odisha, i have completed bca in 2013,after completion of my studies
 i started my carrier by working in infogrid technology that is there in banglore. in this organization i am working as a java developer. 
i have been working in this organisation since 3.4 years in one project named as AGD. AGD stands for all goods details .
its a erp domain project and our client for this project from Europe.
the main objective of this project is a user can interact with suppliers through online. user can get the status through online by mail about transpored product and 
availability.
user check and view about historical data and user can generate his own reports.this application is acts as a mediator between user and suplliers.
to implement this project we have been following agile mathodology.we are developing code and transfer to tester.afer completion of testing we deploy into live
environment then another sprint wil be released by our scrum master. 
again we follow same. each sprint we takes around 15 to 20 days.and we conduct daily one meeting roughly around 15 minutes about. in this duration we talk about 
what we have done yesterday what problem we faced and what we are going to do next.

in this project my roles and responsibilities are
implementing dao by using hibernate
developing modules by following spring mvc.
testing web serviece by using saop ui.
generate wsdl, creat wsdl.
debug the code and fixing bugs.
adding jars in pom.xml.
to make application to get better performation developing code by following several design pattern like singleton, factory pattern,
 templet, abstarct factory pattern etc.

implementing bussiness logics,
analys bussiness requirement.

these are my roles and responsibilities in this projects

then the interviewer will start asking queations from core java to frameworks.

important topics in core java
1 strings
2oops
3collections include concurrent collections
4multi threading
5 several logical programs like, reversing, sorting, etc

hibernate
1 difference between get and load
3 difference between merge and saveOrUpate
4 caching
5 mappings one to many,many to one many to many
5 why sessionfactory is threadsafe
spring

1 why dependency injection came into the picture
2 what is ioc
3 what are the scopes
4 what is defference between beanfactory container and application container

5 flow of spring mvc
6 what are the view resolver
7 what is aop
8 what are the autowire modes
9 how to integrate with hibernate with spring, some times they ask you to write down xml file

web services

what is rest
what is deffernce between soap and rest,
what are annotations in rest and their works
what is advantage from soap and disadvantage of soap

. friends these are commonly asked questions in regular interview. instead of by chosing these question it is far better to learn in depth. but i am sure no quetions can come out of nataraz sir's meterial.

and one.more thing when your going to interview dont go with heavy make up. just go how your going daily to class

just go in cool mind. if you dont know any answer at all. say in positively i dont know but if you give me a chance i will learn.

but sure when your going to attend intervie make sure that remember nataraz sir classes. and go in cool mind.

ALL THE BEST GUYS